# Project Rubric 

## Documentation
| Success Criteria |	Specifications  |  
|--------|:--------:|
| Explain the pipeline architecture. | The README contains an explanation of:  \n 1. The pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm. 2. The benefits of the chosen parameter sampler. 3. The benefits of the chosen early stopping policy. |   
| Compare a provided model with one generated by AutoML. | The README contains: 1. One or more sentences describing the model and parameters generated by AutoML. 2. Two or more sentences comparing the two models and their performance.
| Explain and justify ways to improve models. | The README contains two or more sentences explaining potential improvements for a future experiment and why these improvements might improve the model. |

Training Pipeline and AutoML
Success Criteria	Specifications
Pass parameters to training scripts.

All specifiable parameters of the training script are specified in the hyperdrive config.

Use HyperDrive to automatically find optimal parameters.

A hyperdrive config is used and includes:

A parameter sampler
A policy for early stopping
Retrieve the best run using .get_best_run_by_primary_metric().

.get_best_run_by_primary_metric() is used on the hyperdrive run to retrieve the best run.

Use the RunDetails widget to explore run metrics.

The hyperdrive run is passed to the RunDetails widget.

Create an AutoMLConfig for training.

The solution notebook includes an AutoML config, which contains the following parameters:

task
primary_metric
experiment_timeout_minutes
training_data
label_column_name
n_cross_validations
Infrastructure
Success Criteria	Specifications
Create a compute cluster using the SDK.

A compute cluster is created using the Azure SDK and the ComputeTarget and AmlCompute objects.

Import data to a Dataset using the SDK.

A TabularDatasetFactory is used to create a dataset from the provided link.

Clean up deployed resources.

The delete method of the AmlCompute object is used to remove the cluster following training.

OR

An image of the compute cluster being selected for deletion is included in the README.

